Add Orchard to transaction builder (#863)
zcash/librustzcash: zcash_primitives/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added
- `zcash_primitives::transaction::builder`:
  - `Builder::add_orchard_spend`
  - `Builder::add_orchard_output`
- `zcash_primitives::transaction::components::orchard::builder` module

### Changed
- `zcash_primitives::transaction`:

>   - `builder::Builder::{new, new_with_rng}` now takes an optional `orchard_anchor` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `builder::Builder::{new, new_with_rng}` now take an optional `orchard_anchor` 
```

    argument which must be provided in order to enable Orchard spends and recipients.

>   - `builder::Builder::test_only_new_with_rng`
>     now returns an existential type: `Builder<'a, P, impl RngCore + CryptoRng>` 
>     instead of `Builder<'a, P, R>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - All `builder::Builder` methods now require the bound `R: CryptoRng` on
    `Builder<'a, P, R>`. A non-`CryptoRng` randomness source is still accepted
    by `builder::Builder::test_only_new_with_rng`, which **MUST NOT** be used in
    production.
```
